RE: 16PESGM0464,
Optimal Dispatch of Reactive Power for Voltage Regulation and Balancing in Unbalanced Distribution Systems
to the PESGM2016 Submission Site.


We are pleased to inform you that your technical work referenced above has been accepted and will be published in the Proceedings and scheduled for presentation at the 2016 IEEE PES General Meeting, July 17 - 21, 2016 in Boston, MA, USA.

Reviewer 1:
Comments:       Finally, someone has taken the time to take a swing at this topic

Reviewer 2:
Comments:       Th eauthors desccripe an optimal power flow solution for three phase unblanced distribution systems with distributed resources.  They illustrtate the application for optimizing voltage control and reducing unbalance in the IEEE 13 bus system.  It is an interesting application but there are many approaches for unbalanced solutions on distribution systems with DER (OpenDSS, GridLab-D) that have been illustrated with real systems with thousands of nodes.  I would at least like to see the approach applied on a real system model that provides a little more challenge to the solution.

****Please note all papers MUST be presented at the conference in order to be included in IEEE Xplore.  If you do not present your paper at the conference, it will not be posted to Xplore***

***The paper as submitted, reviewed, and accepted is the final version of the paper.  No changes can be made to your paper, it is the accepted version that will be published in the conference proceedings.

As soon as it is available, the Advance Program, which will list the session in which you are scheduled, will be posted on the PES Web site (www.ieee.org/power) so you can determine the date, time, and location of your presentation.

Please note, authors and presenters are not exempt from registration fees. At least one author of each paper must register for the meeting and pay the appropriate fee and be at the meeting to present the paper.  **If an accepted paper is not presented at the meeting, it will not be posted to Xplore.

Note: Registration deadline for authors may be earlier than the general registration deadline. Please check the PES web page for registration information at www.ieee.org/power

To help you prepare for your presentation, a copy of IEEE PES Technical Session Guide for the Presenter and Guide for Slides, Overheads and Posters is available as part of the PES Author's Kit through the PES Web site. You will also be receiving instructions to load your power point presentation to the website before the start of the meeting.

The day on which your paper is scheduled for presentation there will be a Presenter's Breakfast which you should plan to attend. Session Chairs and presenters will meet to review and finalize arrangements for the session in which you will participate.  Time and location of the breakfast will be published in the meeting's Advance and Final Programs.

The meeting's technical program will focus on subjects related to the power industry including distribution, transmission, and power generation, with special topics on the latest developments in each of these areas.  Your presence at this meeting is very important as it affords all attendees an opportunity to exchange ideas, thoughts and experiences on these vital topics with someone with significant viewpoints and background.  We hope that we can count on you to attend.

If you need a letter confirming your conference registration to help you obtain a visa. Please check the PES website under "General Information about PES Conferences" for further instructions on how to obtain this letter.
http://www.ieee.org/portal/pages/pes/subpages/meetings.html


Sincerely,



Doug Houseman
doug@enernex.com